---
layout: post
title:  "The Faux Fox"
date:   2014-04-09 9:30:00
excerpt: >
  It all happened on that fateful day. One toy. One little boy. They first met in an airport. The boy's uncle had bought this toy, a small brown stuffed fox, at a store as a gift. This fox didn't think much about it when the tall man walked over to the display and said "that's the one." The fox had seen many of his friends sold. Some of them had come back in pieces waiting to be repaired, but most did not. He assumed they were out somewhere in the world, having fun while he sat in the shop. This time was different, this time he was the one being paid for.
---
> Note: This post is a little different than my normal ones. A couple of years ago, I took an essay writing course. The first assignment was to write about myself, but through the eyes of a favorite object. I could not use any personal pronouns. What follows is the essay I wrote about my childhood favorite stuffed animal: "Danny Fox."

It all happened on that fateful day. One toy. One little boy. They first met in an airport. The boy's uncle had bought this toy, a small brown stuffed fox, at a store as a gift. This fox didn't think much about it when the tall man walked over to the display and said "that's the one." The fox had seen many of his friends sold. Some of them had come back in pieces waiting to be repaired, but most did not. He assumed they were out somewhere in the world, having fun while he sat in the shop. This time was different, this time he was the one being paid for. The fox wanted to scream with joy because he was finally being picked himself. But his straight, threaded mouth remained closed. So now here he was, in the middle of a busy airport, waiting with the tall man for the little boy. A look of recognition came over the man's face, he jumped up and ran over to meet his relations. Slyly, he whipped out the toy fox and handed it to the boy. "It's for you!" The fox and the boy looked at each other, then back at the man. "Thanks, Uncle Walt," the boy exclaimed with gratitude. The toy remained silent, but if you looked hard enough you might have spotted a smile creeping around his straight laced mouth. That day, that fateful day, is what started it all. This toy, or Danny Fox as the boy called him, slowly climbed into the boy's heart (and into a spot on his bed).

On a stormy night in 1998, the boy and Danny Fox were scared. Lightning flashed and thunder roared. The bogeyman was surely opening the closet door and there were footsteps in the hallway. The fox squeezed closer and closer to the boy. Soon the boy was cowering under his sheets as well. The darkness appeared to get darker with every second, pierced only by lightning flashes. Every noise and every flash drove the boy and the fox deeper under the covers. Finally they had enough. Together, they jumped out of bed and ran into the hallway. Their flight came to an end when they ran into the boy’s mother ironing. "What IS the matter Bradley?" she asked, "It's just a storm. Why don't you and Danny Fox get on the couch while I iron?" The fox gladly curled up on the couch with the little boy. He wondered if his friends from the toy shop got it as good as this.

Years went by. The fox eagerly waited for each night when it was time to go to sleep. Word trickled through the toy grapevine about how the boy was doing in school or that he had been viciously attacked by fire ants. The fox waited for that night when he could console the boy.

Eventually the time came to move from the old house in Texas. “It is time for a new job,” the boy's father said. "We're off to Maryland!" became the rallying cry. Many times the boy's mother had read to him and Danny Fox about the mid-Atlantic state. "There is so much to do in Maryland," she would say. Danny Fox dreamt of seafood, pirates, and lighthouses in the weeks leading up to the move. Finally the day came. Danny Fox was thoughtfully packed into a box by the not so little boy. The box was then carefully placed on the truck to be shipped to Maryland. Danny Fox wondered what it was like outside the truck. What it was like inside the car that the boy was riding in? Did he get to count license plates? Or maybe eat good food along the way? Perhaps the boy got to visit a historical landmark. The fox would know none of what happened because he was inside the truck, heading straight towards Maryland. Before he knew it the back of the truck was being opened and the box that the fox was contained in was being lifted out. “Nice little house ain’t it,” a mover murmured. Danny Fox squirmed, waiting for when the boy would arrive and unpack his box. Hours passed, finally a car pulled up outside the small white house conveniently located next to the church where the boy’s dad was going to work. A door squeaked open and then was slammed shut. The boy ran as fast as he could up to the house. “Is this it Dad? This is really where we are going to live?” The boy shouted just loud enough for the fox to hear. “Yes, of course, Bradley,” the dad answered as he put the key in the lock. Finally the boy went up to his room and found his box. Danny Fox grinned to himself, “Finally, back to the warmth of his bed.” The boy ripped open the box and hugged his toy. Later that night the fox peeked out the window to get his bearings. Cars zoomed by on the street and in the distance the lights of Baltimore could be seen.

Weeks passed, months, eventually a year went by. Each day the boy would hang up awards and certificates he had won just so Danny could see them. The fox would simply sit in his propped position on the bed, but he was proud just the same. An aquarium joined the collection. Baseball caps and toy cars littered the room. From his vantage point Danny Fox felt like he was in control of the room. Sometimes he would pretend he was a security guard. Mimicking the mystery stories found on the shelves, he pretended he was guarding the room from the thieves that surely lurked outside. Other times he would copy the boy and pretend he was fighting the dark side of the force using his lightsaber and dashing good looks. The fox cried along with the boy on September, 11th. He cheered when the Baltimore Ravens won the Super Bowl.

More time passed, the boy is much bigger now and his room can now be found in Northern Illinois. Computers and history books litter the room, yet somewhere underneath all the clutter the fox is still on his bed waiting for the sun to set.

